"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest." — Benjamin Franklin
"Bottoms in the investment world don't end with four-year lows; they end with 10- or 15-year lows." — Jim Rogers
"I will tell you how to become rich. Close the doors. Be fearful when others are greedy. Be greedy when others are fearful." — Warren Buffett
"With a good perspective on history, we can have a better understanding of the past and present, and thus a clear vision of the future." — Carlos Slim Helu
"It's not whether you're right or wrong that's important, but how much money you make when you're right and how much you lose when you're wrong." — George Soros
"Given a 10% chance of a 100 times payoff, you should take that bet every time." — Jeff Bezos
"Don't look for the needle in the haystack. Just buy the haystack!" — John Bogle"I don't look to jump over seven-foot bars; I look around for one-foot bars that I can step over." — Warren Buffett
"The stock market is filled with individuals who know the price of everything, but the value of nothing." — Phillip Fisher
"In investing, what is comfortable is rarely profitable." — Robert Arnott
"How many millionaires do you know who have become wealthy by investing in savings accounts? I rest my case." — Robert G. Allen
"If there is one common theme to the vast range of the world’s financial crises, it is that excessive debt accumulation, whether by the government, banks, corporations, or consumers, often poses greater systemic risks than it seems during a boom." — Carmen Reinhart
"We don't prognosticate macroeconomic factors, we're looking at our companies from a bottom-up perspective on their long-run prospects of returning." — Mellody Hobson
"Courage taught me no matter how bad a crisis gets ... any sound investment will eventually pay off." — Carlos Slim Helu
"The individual investor should act consistently as an investor and not as a speculator." — Ben Graham
"The biggest risk of all is not taking one." — Mellody Hobson
"Returns matter a lot. It's our capital." — Abigail Johnson
"It's not how much money you make, but how much money you keep, how hard it works for you, and how many generations you keep it for." — Robert Kiyosaki
"Know what you own, and know why you own it." — Peter Lynch
"Financial peace isn't the acquisition of stuff. It's learning to live on less than you make, so you can give money back and have money to invest. You can't win until you do this." — Dave Ramsey
"Investing should be more like watching paint dry or watching grass grow. If you want excitement, take $800 and go to Las Vegas." — Paul Samuelson
"The four most dangerous words in investing are, it’s different this time." — Sir John Templeton
"Wide diversification is only required when investors do not understand what they are doing." — Warren Buffett
"You get recessions, you have stock market declines. If you don't understand that's going to happen, then you're not ready, you won't do well in the markets." — Peter Lynch
"The most contrarian thing of all is not to oppose the crowd but to think for yourself." — Peter Thiel
"The stock market is never obvious. It is designed to fool most of the people, most of the time." — Jesse Livermore
"People focus on role models; it is more effective to find antimodels — people you don't want to resemble when you grow up." — Nassim Taleb
"If you have trouble imagining a 20% loss in the stock market, you shouldn’t be in stocks." — John Bogle
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." - Thomas Edison
“It's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price.” — Warren Buffett
"The best thing that happens to us is when a great company gets into temporary trouble...We want to buy them when they're on the operating table." — Warren Buffett
“Every decade or so, dark clouds will fill the economic skies, and they will briefly rain gold.” — Warren Buffett
"Opportunities come infrequently. When it rains gold, put out the bucket, not the thimble." — Warren Buffett
“Rule #1: Don’t lose money. Rule #2: Don’t forget Rule #1.” – Warren Buffett
“Buy not on optimism, but on arithmetic.” – Benjamin Graham
“Minimizing downside risk while maximizing the upside is a powerful concept.” – Mohnish Pabrai
“Spend each day trying to be a little wiser than you were when you woke up.” – Charlie Munger
“The desire to perform all the time is usually a barrier to performing over time.” – Robert Olstein
“Risk comes from not knowing what you’re doing.”  – Warren Buffett
“If we buy the business as a business and not as a stock speculation, then it becomes personal. I want it to be personal. – Phil Town
“We don’t have an analytical advantage, we just look in the right place.” – Seth Klarman
“No wise pilot, no matter how great his talent and experience, fails to use his checklist.” – Charlie Munger
“I love quotes… but in the end, knowledge has to be converted to action or it’s worthless.” – Tony Robbins
“It is impossible to produce superior performance unless you do something different from the majority.” – John Templeton
“The secret to investing is to figure out the value of something – and then pay a lot less.” Joel Greenblatt
“It is remarkable how much long term advantage people like us have gotten by trying to be consistently not stupid, instead of trying to be very intelligent.” – Charlie Munger
“Behind every stock is a company. Find out what it’s doing.” – Peter Lynch
“Wide diversification is only required when investors do not understand what they are doing.” – Warren Buffett
“Based on my own personal experience – both as an investor in recent years and an expert witness in years past – rarely do more than three or four variables really count. Everything else is noise.” – Martin Whitman
“Compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world. He who understands it, earns it. He who doesn’t, pays it.” – Albert Einstein
“I will tell you how to become rich. Close the doors, be fearful when others are greedy. Be greedy when others are fearful.” – Warren Buffett
“The individual should act consistently as an investor and not as a speculator.” Benjamin Graham
“The entrance strategy is actually more important than the exit strategy.” – Edward Lampert
“In many ways, the stock market is like the weather in that if you don’t like the current conditions all you have to do is wait a while.” – Low Simpson
“The ability to focus attention on important things is a defining characteristic of intelligence.” – Robert J. Shiller
“Invest for the long-term.” – Lou Simpson
“Rapidly changing industries are the enemy of the investor.” – Mohnish Pabrai
“The easiest way to manage your money is to take it one step at a time and not worry about being perfect.” – Ramit Sethi
“The stock market is filled with individuals who know the price of everything, but the value of nothing.” – Phillip Fisher
“Although it’s easy to forget sometimes, a share is not a lottery ticket… it’s part ownership of a business.” – Peter Lynch
“All intelligent investing is value investing. Aquiring more that you are paying for. You must value the business in order to value the stock.” – Charlie Munger
“The stock market is a device for transferring money from the impatient to the patient.” – Warren Buffett
“When it comes to investing, we want our money to grow with the highest rates of return, and the lowest risk possible. While there are no shortcuts to getting rich, there are smart ways to go about it.” – Phil Town
